Identify two subsystems of Google X and explain how their function affects the system’s goal.

Outline:
	1: introduce the Google x and its goals and write a thesis with the two subsystems 
	2&3: explain how the functions of the two subsystems affect the goal of Google X
	4: conclusion

Google X has an objective “to create world-changing companies that could eventually become the next Google.” In order to achieve this goal, Google X goes through more than a 100 ideas every year, since "It's too soon to know whether many of these shots will reach the moon," meaning that no one knows what the next  Google will be. However, these “Moonshots don’t begin with brainstorming clever answers.” Instead, Google X has devised a strategic structure that incorporates multiple subsystems that work together in order to create ideas, analyze ideas, dispose of ideas, and to put ideas into the real world. The rapid evaluation team and Foundry are two subsystems that work hand in hand in order to achieve the goal of Google X; which is creating “the next Google.”

The  Rapid Evaluation team is "a panel of creators who are also judges" that work together in order to "process hundreds of proposals quickly and promote only those with the right balance of audacity and achievability." The team is structured in such a way because studies have shown that "[creators] were too enamored of their own concept. But managers were too dismissive of truly novel acts." From this, the researchers concluded that the best evaluators did both creating and managing. The function of this  subsystem is to create ideas, analyze the possible challenges, and the possible reasons for failure. Through this process, it is able to come up with  possible ideas that may be potentially successful. This subsystem is crucial in creating "the next Google," since Google X must go through "more than 100 ideas each year." By finding potentially successful ideas at such a fast pace, the Rapid Evaluation team is truly essential in achieving Google X's objective.

The Foundry is another team, or subsystem at Google X. It is essentially an "incubator for scientific breakthroughs as its team develops a business model." It presents another stage within Google X, which is where the "geeks team up with former entrepreneurs" in order to get "moonshots ready for contact with the real world." This stage is what makes it possible to spot flaws in a project’s business plan. By having the Foundry team on top of the Rapid Evaluation Team, Google X is not only able to create ideas, but is also able to spot current and future challenges on the business side. The Foundry also plays a significant role in Google X’s goal by successfully putting ideas into the real world to create and establish "the next Google." Because the Foundry’s main function is to put potentially successful ideas into the world, it’s function helps achieve the goal of creating a company that could be the next Google.

By utilizing a system that "employs a wide array of talent, generates a bunch of ideas, kills the weak ones, nurtures the survivors for years, and brings the most-promising products to audiences," Google X is able to create "the next Google" through the help of the functions of its subsystems.




